PENGUIN_TCP
PENGUIN_TCP is a C++ project that provides a basic TCP server implementation using the Boost.Asio library. It allows users to create a server that can accept connections from multiple clients and handle data sent by those clients.

Requirements
**To build and run PENGUIN_TCP, you will need the following:

**Boost libraries (1.74 or earlier)
GNU Compiler Collection or any other working compiler
Updated OS
Building the Project
To build the project, follow these steps:

**Clone the project repository to your local machine.

**Open a terminal or command prompt and navigate to the root directory of the cloned repository.

**Compile the project using the following command: g++ -std=c++20 -I /BOOST_INSTALL_DIR -I WORKFOLDER -o PenguinNET PenguinTCP-MAIN.cpp Session.cpp Server.cpp -lboost_system -lboost_thread

**Replace /BOOST_INSTALL_DIR with the path to your Boost installation directory, and WORKFOLDER with the path to the folder where the source files are located.

This command will compile the source files into a binary executable named PenguinNET.

Using the Project
Once you have built the project, you can use it to create a TCP server. To do so, you will need to specify a port number for the server to listen on. You can do this by modifying the short port variable in the main() function of the PenguinTCP-MAIN.cpp file.

To start the server, simply run the PenguinNET executable that was generated by the build process. The server will listen for incoming connections on the specified port.

Contributions
Contributions to PENGUIN_TCP are welcomed and encouraged. Feel free to fork the repository and submit a pull request with your changes.
